Hello everyone.
Welcome back to the specialization
on the internet of things.
The internet of things is
a platform that resulted from
the convergence of various
technologies and disciplines.
So far, we have looked at
circuit switched networks.
In this module we will look at packet
switched networks used mainly for
data and you will see that it is also
used for voice and many other things.
Before we move on I have a caveat or
disclaimer.
In the previous module.
We saw that, in an overview of
the circuit switch networks.
And you must have realized that
the telephone is a massive network with
complex technologies.
Hundreds of thousands of people
contributed to the development of
the telephone network.
This is an ad from the AT&T
during its heydays.
As we move on to other technologies
that contributed to the convergence and
the IoT platform,
things will get even more complicated.
Our aim is to give you a flavor,
of different techniques,
technologies, and
motivate you to explore further.
I'm sure some of you are already
experts in some of the disciplines and
we may make some errors.
If you see any errors, or
if you have any suggestions
to improve certain sections,
please get on the forum and
tell us .We really would like to improve
the content for future learners.